add doc variable filter UriPart (#578)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/deployment-process/variables/variable-filters.md

| `Octopus Deploy` | `#{MyVar | Substring 7}`   | `Octopus`    |
| `Octopus Deploy` | `#{MyVar | Substring 2 3}` | `top`        |

### UriPart

> The *UriPart* filter introduced in **Octopus 2019.10.9** treats the input as an uri and extracts a specified part of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *UriPart* filter introduced in **Octopus 2019.10.9** parses the input as a URI and extracts a specified part of it. A  helpful error will be written to the output if there is an error in the input or the filter expression.
```
